Update Repo Mgmt & IAM roadmap sections (#4438)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/strategy-goals/strategy/iam/index.md

# IAM Team

This page outlines the vision, strategy, and goals of the [Identity and Access Management team](../../../departments/engineering/teams/iam/index.md).

## FY 2023

Note: Sourcegraph's fiscal year runs from February 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023.

> Our main focus for FY23 is on significantly improving the admin experience. We must provide an efficient and secure way for administrators to specify permissions for repositories and our FY23 focus is to significantly improve this experience. Specifically, we are focused on...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our main focus for FY23 is on significantly improving the admin experience. We must provide an efficient and secure way for administrators to specify permissions for repositories and our FY23 focus is to significantly improve this experience. Specifically, we are focused on:
```

> - Deliver the highest impact improvements to the Admin Experience for repo syncing as agreed upon with CE

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deliver the highest impact improvements to the Admin Experience for repo permissions syncing as agreed upon with CE
```

> - Deliver new tooling for admins to troubleshoot their instances and invest in training CS to solve more issues on their own

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deliver new tooling for admins to troubleshoot their instances and invest in training CS to solve more issues without engineering support
```

- Improve the reliability and usability of the Explicit Permissions API and launch support for permissions mechanisms in parallel

> This also includes a number of non-customer facing improvements...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also includes a number of non-customer facing improvements:
```

> - Fix paper cuts and hacks to improve overall reliability of existing repo syncing and permissions syncing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix paper cuts and hacks to improve the overall reliability of existing repo permissions syncing functionality 
```

> - Dramatically improve our automated integration and regression testing for everything we own to gain great confidence in the quality of what we currently own and launch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Dramatically improve our automated integration and regression testing for everything we own to increase confidence in the quality of what we currently own and launch
```
